---
to: Student Robotics 2026
subject: Student Robotics Discord Forum Details
---

Hi,

To support your team throughout the year and enable you to share experiences
with other teams we have a [Discord][docs-discord] server. This is the primary
communication method for competitor support, enabling competitors to get support
directly from our volunteer mentors at any time.

Your invite link is <https://discord.com/invite/TODO_REPLACE_DISCORD_LINK_BEFORE_SENDING>.
If you don't already have a Discord account, you can register an account for
free. Accounts should be per individual and not shared with others.

Within Discord there are a number of shared channels, which everyone has access
to, as well as a channel which is private to your team. Your team's channel is
called `team-TODO_REPLACE_TLA_BEFORE_SENDING`.

Upon joining the server users will need to provide a password to gain the
correct permissions. The password is used to identify which team a user is from,
so do not share to those outside your team. For your team, the password is:
`TODO_REPLACE_PASSWORD_BEFORE_SENDING`. Please share both the invite link and
the relevant password with your competitors.

More information on this can be found in [the docs][docs-discord].

Additionally, we like to make sure we are aware which members are volunteers,
competitors and team supervisors. To get the 'Team Supervisor' role on Discord
please reply to this email with your Discord username once you have joined the
server and we will add the appropriate roles. Once applied, you'll be able to see
the `#team-supervisors` channel - a place to talk with other supervisors, without
competitors.

Whilst most of the discussions and support will be happening on Discord, if you
are unable to or do not wish to create an account with Discord you can still
[contact us][mailto-teams] for support, however the response times will be
longer.

-- SR Committee

[docs-discord]: https://studentrobotics.org/docs/tutorials/discord
[mailto-teams]: mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org
